5/21/17
UPDATE: This is my first project since finishing my college C++ class 2 weeks ago. Its more
of an effort to stay current in what I know so I dont forget it than anything else. Started
the barebones of the main and characters resource files.


5/25/17
UPDATE: Finished intro function, character class; started on story segment 01 where it gives 
a little introduction to the player arriving on the beach.


5/28/17
UPDATE: Cleaned up and condensed the continue functions yesterday while building the first
story segment function. The SSF is more of a continuation of the intro to set the tone of 
the player entering the game and I only ask that you judge me on my code, not my terrible
story telling because I know how bad that is already lol. The main thing about tonights
coding isnt actually coding, but planning. Up until this point everything has just been 
a general outline in my mind but tonight I took some time to plan things out and write 
them down as a progressive graph containing what I want to happen and how. 


6/1/17
UPDATE: Attempted to do the weapons creation differently from the characters by making
a pointer to an array of of class objects but it just wasnt working out and I got
tired of the kernal dumps. Obviously need to look into the specifics of pointers more.


6/24/17
UPDATE: The last of my summer classes took up almost 3 weeks of my time to finish up,
but now I am back this again. Started Menu functions and planned basic layout of 
enemies and some other things. Pointers are giving me a huge headache so I am 
reveiwing my textbook to try and better wrap my head around them. Cleaned up some 
code, removed stuff that didnt need to be there, created the basis for the action
menue, various actions.


7/4/17
UPDATE: Been getting back into things, progress has indeed been made. Got through one
of the more logic intensive functions today. Not that it was hard persay, I was just
putting it off and it needed to be done. Tried putting my laptop on my dresser and 
standing while I code, noticed it seems to be much more productive (and probably more
healthy) than sitting at my desk. Maybe this will become a new thing? Been getting 
better at pointer usage, at least for what I am do here in this project. 


7/17/17
UPDATE: Aside from unneeded procrastination, I should be able to make this program 
"deliverable" within a week. After that it should only be a week or so until mostly
finished.


8/1/17
UPDATE: I love how each time I do this I say it will be ready next week, nexxt week, 
always next week but then I am still working on it. As of now I am making the two 
possible endings and that should be it. "Should." Deprecated a few features because
planning wasnt done properly, among other things, but anyway I will explain all of 
that in my final build log update when I finish it so I can discusss what I have 
learned, mistakes made, what I would have done differently, and future plans. 
